Finaaal

Explorer Grants Application


What is your preferred name or pseudonym?

696

What is your primary ETH address or ENS?

696.eth

What is your preferred mode of contact? Telegram username, Discord username, email address, etc. (keep in mind this application is public)

Discord - 696.eth#9925

or

https://twitter.com/696_eth

What is your familiarity with crypto as a builder and as a user?

This is my third bear market. I’ve dabbled into many altcoins in the past. I’ve used variety of chains and exchanges on at least some basic level.

In terms of building, my contribution comes from combine my creativity with that’s currently needed in the space.

How would you identify yourself? List all that apply.

Learner
Educator
Writer (concise, most informative, simple, clear and clean)
An Artist (beginner AI artist in the web3)
NFT’s analyst
Domains’ trader
Metaverse interested
What is your familiarity with Nouns? (~ a few sentences)

I’ve barely heard of nouns. Mainly, from the nouns ENS sale. A few times I’ve heard of the DAO being mentioned in other spaces. I’m new, curious and ready to explore!

What are you currently working on? (~ a few sentences)

I’m working on

My next art piece
Starting my newsletter
Branding
Setting up decentralized websites
Weekly reviews and recaps of various communities that I’m involved in as well as markets
Figuring on how to bring more of IRL experience and knowledge into web3 spaces, particularly sparking up conversations and educating about mental health, etc.
Contributor of Weekly Ethfinance Doots Roundups (some behind the scenes, some in terms of writing)
Contributing to r/Ethfinance’s daily discussion
Working on my next really important thread to the Ethereum (blockchain) as well as to the Ether (asset) itself
What are the three projects you’re most proud of working on? (~ a paragraph)

Review: EVMavericks weekly
Art: Nature is Healing
One of my recent twitter Threads: ENS cycles
Metaverse: my chill room
Which NounsDAO-funded project do you find most exciting and why? (~ a paragraph)

I went to the first ones and looked through. Many great ones. I’m going to go with this one -Marketing Studio for Nouns-funded Projects for the following reasons:

Great, quality marketing is really important
More opportunities for Nouns Dao members that are willing to contribute (based on the proposal’s description)
Explorer Grants is designed to give you two paid months to explore and create in the Nouns ecosystem. What would you like to explore and build in your two months? (~ a paragraph)

I start off with exploration: being curios, reading a lot, talking to people and asking questions, challenging beliefs and getting to hear the perspectives for said beliefs. I’m in the space

Basic decentralized website on nouns' ENS redirecting to a few important links and a website page (analogue to what I've shared), video reviews are possible too but mainly Twitter threads:

6 weekly recaps of Nouns DAO, starting a few weeks in.
An overview of the DAO.
Analysis of Nouns as a NFT collection.
(Optional) Giving constructive feedback on strengths and weaknesses. What it’s going well and what can be improved.
(Optional) Guidance on how to use ENS and all current + future (coming soon) utilities to the benefit of the Nouns DAO.
(Optional) Metaverse suggestions.
(Optional) Treasury suggesting: using LSDs (liquid staking derivatives) to grow the treasury in a safe way.
